crash-course-github/README.md, before:

# Crash course on version control and documentation with GitHub

Training materials and slides for a crash course on version control, clean code and documentation with practical examples and exercises in Python and R.

## Creator

These materials were created by the University of Basel's Research and Infrastructure Support RISE (rise@unibas.ch) in 2024 and 2025. 

## File structure

The file structure mirrors the outline of the course:
- slides as Markdown in [`crash-course-github/slides.md`](slides.md) 
- slides as HTML in [`crash-course-github/slides.html`](https://github.com/RISE-UNIBAS/clean-code/tree/main/crash-course-github/slides.html)
- all images used in [`crash-course-github/images`](https://github.com/RISE-UNIBAS/clean-code/tree/main/crash-course-github/images)

Pandoc was used to create HTML slides: `pandoc -s --webtex -i -t slidy in_file.md -o out_file.html`


## Upcoming and past course dates

- 2024-04-19: RISE crash-course "Version Control and Documentation with GitHub", online
- 2025-03-28: RISE crash-course "Version Control and Documentation with GitHub", online

## To dos

- [ ] Create release for course on April 19, 2024

## License

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

update readmes with course dates

crash-course-github/README.md, after:

# Crash course on version control and documentation with GitHub

Training materials and slides for a crash course on version control, clean code and documentation with practical examples and exercises in Python and R.

## Creator

These materials were created by the University of Basel's Research and Infrastructure Support RISE (rise@unibas.ch) in 2024 and 2025. 

## File structure

The file structure mirrors the outline of the course:
- slides as Markdown in [`crash-course-github/slides.md`](slides.md) 
- slides as HTML in [`crash-course-github/slides.html`](https://github.com/RISE-UNIBAS/clean-code/tree/main/crash-course-github/slides.html)
- all images used in [`crash-course-github/images`](https://github.com/RISE-UNIBAS/clean-code/tree/main/crash-course-github/images)

Pandoc was used to create HTML slides: `pandoc -s --webtex -i -t slidy in_file.md -o out_file.html`


## Upcoming and past course dates

Course details: https://rise.unibas.ch/en/event/details/version-control-and-documentation-with-github-1/

- 2025-03-28: RISE crash-course "Version Control and Documentation with GitHub", online
- 2024-04-19: RISE crash-course "Version Control and Documentation with GitHub", online
- 2025-03-28: RISE crash-course "Version Control and Documentation with GitHub", online

## To dos

- [ ] Create release for course on April 19, 2024

## License

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License</a>.
